Update readme (#66)
voila-dashboards/voici: README.md

pip install voici
```

Then, you can generate static dashboards from a notebook or a directory of Notebooks like this:

```bash
# Build a single dashboard
voici my-notebook.ipynb
# Build a directory of notebooks
voici notebooks/
```

Once your dashboards are built, you can simply serve them with a simple static server, _e.g._:

```bash
cd _output
python -m http.server
```

## Advanced usage

> The `voici` command line interface is a mix between `voila` and `jupyter lite`. For most cases, users can rely on the `voici` command by using the `voila` CLI syntax. 
> 

Reviewer: Adding a clarification about the voici build shortcut

```suggestion
The `voici` command line interface is a mix between `voila` and `jupyter lite`. For most cases, users can rely on the `voici` command by using the `voila` CLI syntax. 

Voici runs the `build` sub-command by default, the `voici my-notebook.ipynb` command is a shortcut for `voici build --contents my-notebook.ipynb`
```

For advanced usage, users can invoke `voici` with the `jupyter lite` CLI syntax, _e.g._:
```bash
voici build --contents my-notebook.ipynb
``` 

> The only difference is that the `voici build` command will only generate Voici dashboards, excluding the full JupyterLab interface from the output. Running `voici build --contents .` is equivalent to running `jupyter lite build --contents . --apps voici`.

Reviewer: Clarifying a bit this sentence

```suggestion
The difference between `voici build` and `jupyter lite build` commands is that the voici one will only generate Voici dashboards, excluding the full JupyterLab interface from the output. Running `voici build --contents .` is equivalent to running `jupyter lite build --contents . --apps voici`.
```

pip install voici
```

Then, you can generate static dashboards from a notebook or a directory of Notebooks like this:

```bash
# Build a single dashboard
voici my-notebook.ipynb
# Build a directory of notebooks
voici notebooks/
```

Once your dashboards are built, you can simply serve them with a simple static server, _e.g._:

```bash
cd _output
python -m http.server
```

> ## Advanced usage

Reviewer 2: Should these go to the docs? https://voici.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

And then maybe just point to the docs and remove the README instructions (or keep them simple) to avoid too much duplication?
